off in the pool
and very nice very nice hotel shortly on
beach recently bavaria swimming pool everything
well, the center is not that far
path
all part about kilometer
yes the room was our beautiful was
asks that shows no slowly
a living room with a bedroom
we have an abo and a fridge
it is quite practically do it
others can yes it was right
big bathtub was very nice and clean
made
that's very important hygiene very well
I must say it is very much
to father always many different
dishes black yes well the food is
really great
It is best breakfast there
Extremely much that chooses everything
eat anything
but at lunchtime it is less best
again really much so thing is
cold that you can choose it
there are many salads I was all there
what you need
April
So cool is so great that it is pleasant
cool so she went into the water and
aquagymnastik otherwise only so
swim so you can play tennis
football is basketball there is yes
also behind anni-
Table tennis tournament participated but it
gives off predecessor stick and water polo
spend so make sure that
you can do something
that of state have not now
so much 10 we are again briefly into
gone so there are many
souvenirshop for working on the beach too
start he just opposite
The street so very convenient that you
can go
otherwise environment is already with the
Everything's fine